Got a date with Allison.
I'm finding out what I can about her.
Let it flow tonight.
Be you.
She gonna find out
who you are eventually,
and she'll either like it or she won't.
You're exactly the kind of person
I should date,
because I would try to date you
even if I was still in Dorchester
with nothing to my name
except my name.
You can say that,
but you can't know that.
I represent Cam Calloway,
and he may be a pro basketball player,
but we want him to be more
than just a basketball player.
- Reggie Vaughn?
- Yes.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Deshauwn May.
- You should be my manager.
- You got a manager.
Jupiter:
I got a problem and you know it.
- Do you wanna manage Jupiter?
- I wanna do right by Cam.
I'm already working
Ira, Coke, Bao.
This'll just be another thing
that I'm working.
Money doesn't make you somebody.
Being somebody makes you somebody.
God has done you,
Cam, and me pretty good.
What we do with the rest
is up to us.
Reg, destiny's callin'.
(cell phone vibrating)
- This is Reggie.
- Clayton Beckwith here.
- I'm so sorry to wake you.
- Clayton?
Who? What? Where?
Jupiter Blackmon was, uh,
picked up for shoplifting.
- Shoplifting what?
- Marshmallows.
Oh, for fuck sake.
Why?
Well, apparently, he had
a hankering for some s'mores.
He's accused of
attempting to procure them
without providing the grocer
with sufficient legal tender.
- Did he have any drugs on him?
- No.
Thankfully his drugs
were already inside of him.
But he hasn't taken a piss test yet,
and, uh, nobody knows anything.
Okay, text me where you are.
I'm on my way.
Don't let him piss in anything
unless you're with him
and you can see it flush.
Oh, I shall handle his dick
as if it were my own.
Don't take that the wrong way.
I'm a happily married man.
- (sighs)
- (music playing)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- So do lady cops get high?
- Jupiter, I'm a big fan,
but there are 14 cameras
watching us right now.
That don't answer my question.
Do cops get high?
And that was the moment
he stopped hitting on the sergeant.
- (metal detector beeps)
- Good morning.
Or should I say,
"Bad middle of the night"?
Look, Reg, this was just
a misunderstanding
- that will soon be understood.
- Stop talking. No more talking.
Mr. Beckwith say
he gonna make this go away.
- Stop talking now.
- He kept his mouth shut
when it was important.
I told Jupiter my number in his phone
wasn't just for the bad times.
I can't remember the last time
someone called me just to say,
"Hello, how you doin'?"
I'd like that.
- Hey, I'm gonna do that.
- Any time after 8:00.
This'll all be handled very discreetly.
- When you say "handled"...
- Yes?
- How?
- Telling you how I handle things
would render me indiscreet.
- He's gonna keep us all real busy.
- Thank you, Clayton.
Don't be alarmed
by the size of my invoice.
(music playing)
- Allison: Hey.
- Hey, girl.
Just thinking about you as usual.
Where you at?
I was off to work
when my car broke down,
so now I'm at my mechanic's, a man
I'm seeing much too much of lately.
- Why didn't you call me?
- I'm focused on my car.
- But I can help.
- What do you know about timing belts?
- Nothing, but I could've got you.
- You're busy.
- I'm never too busy for you.
- I'll remind you of that
when I call you in
the middle of a game.
- I'll come at halftime.
- What if you're out of town?
- I'll fly out during halftime.
- Okay, what if you get suspended?
- Chivalry is expensive.
- (both chuckle)
Please.
I've got AAA and they're on it.
- What's wrong with the car?
- It's a piece of shit.
- (chuckles) It's a piece of shit?
Yes, it's a piece of shit.
Well, you wanna borrow one of mine?
I got three.
It's just a timing belt.
They'll fix it and I'll be good to go.
- Well, can I take you to lunch?
- That sounds nice,
but I'll probably have to
work through lunch.
People should not have to
When they don't show up until lunch,
they should.
Fine. Look,
I will bring you some lunch,
watch you eat it while you work,
then I'll wait in the parking lot
- and take you to dinner.
- I like your style, Calloway.
But let me just hit you back once I get
to work and we'll see how things go.
All right.
Call me if you need me.
- I mean, I got the day off.
- Apparently.
- I wish you had the day off, too.
- Some things are beyond our control.
- Ah, I hate that.
- Most people do.
- Gotta go.
- Let's make out later.
- As long as you floss.
- (chuckles)
(sighs)
I am in seventh grade.
Not gonna ask
what you were thinking, Jupiter,
because I'm beginning to realize
that thinking for you
- is like a hibernation mode.
- Thank you.
- Not a compliment.
- All's good.
- Look, don't go all angry face.
- My face is gonna do
what my face does as long as
you keep doing what you do.
- You stole a bag of marshmallows?
- I didn't steal 'em.
- I just walked out with 'em.
- Wow.
Now I'm amused.
Please, elaborate.
I didn't get a cart
'cause I wasn't doing a big shop.
But it takes a few things to make
a s'mores... chocolate, crackers...
I didn't wanna juggle all that,
so I put the marshmallows
in my hoodie pocket,
- but then I realized I had no money.
- Elaborate quicker.
So I made the choice
to get some money,
but I forgot to take the marshmallows
out of my hoodie pocket.
See, these hoodie pockets is real deep,
and next thing you know,
I'm standing outside
with something I didn't paid for.
Jupiter, that's called stealing.
No... see, now, I was high as fuck.
- It was drug-induced negligence.
- Right. That's better.
Come on, man.
I didn't get charged with stealing.
- I was charged with shoplifting.
- That's because what you stole
was so fuckin' stupid to have stolen,
they don't even dignify it
with the word "stealing."
All right, what can I say, chewing
marshmallows makes me happy.
My mouth gets to do this
fun little floaty thing, and it...
- You're like a fuckin' child.
- Man, why you gotta be like this?
Because this is
what a good manager is like.
Like this when situations
like this go down.
Like this when things like this
bounce me outta bed to bail you out.
- You know, you're makin' me feel bad.
- Good!
It is my intention
to make you feel bad right now.
Hey, is your corner boy Deshauwn
slangin' any common sense
growth hormone?
Because you will need to speed up
the maturation process before the draft,
otherwise you won't get drafted.
Or worse,
you'll get drafted by the Raiders.
But why you so mad?
It's not like I stole 'em from you.
So you're admitting now
that you did, in fact, steal?
They were marshmallows!
- Beckwith's gonna make this go away.
- No, no, no.
You are out of "make it go aways."
All you have left is "control the damage
and make it hurt less."
Jupiter, I'm taking you home, and you're
not to say anything to anybody
until I tell you what to say,
when to say it,
and what the sentence construction is.
- But I got a class.
- Jupiter...
Remember, you said it was important
to keep up appearances
till before the draft and that if
I stay in school and get my degree,
my endorsement money
will increase because
"most Americans love nothing more than
an educated, nonthreatening black man"?
Jupiter, you are
in control of your life.
Nobody else.
You understand me?
Class, then home.
But first, car, seat belt, and shut up.
(music playing)
- Uncle J, you ever been in love?
- Say what?
- You ever been in love?
- Don't ask me that.
- Why?
- Don't ask me why.
- Why not?
- Don't ask me why not.
- How come?
- Because.
- Because why?
- Because it's my personal business.
- We're family.
- That's all the more reason
- not to ask why.
- Ma, how the hell do you not know
- if your brother's ever been in love?
- He didn't just get this way.
He's always been this way... private.
I like it when we don't talk about
nothin' important. Just laugh.
It's always trouble
when we gather in the living room.
M-Chuck:
Okay, so wait a minute, Unc.
You're saying that love is important.
So you were in love once.
- I told you, don't ask me that.
- Okay, fine.
I won't ask about love,
but is it fair to ask
if you had a romantic past
when you were my age?
Nephew, when I was your age,
I fucked a whole busload of bitches.
- (laughing)
- And I ain't talking about
that little short school bus
of bitches,
I'm talking about that double-decker
English bus full of bitches.
- Man, my friends loved your uncle.
- Sure did.
Go, young Unc!
Retroactive props, man!
Yeah.
You still fuckin' following me.
We're not talking
notches or numbers, Unc.
We're talking love.
Real love.
Look, I told you
don't ask me about that.
He really likes this Allison girl,
and he's never been in love,
so he doesn't know if he is.
And we can't tell him
what a man feels when he's in love,
- so he needs a man's perspective.
- Uncle J, hypothetically...
I mean, if was gonna know
I was in love,
how would I go about finding
the answer to that question?
Like, the true answer?
Have you ever
put your face in her ass?
- 'Cause that's a good indicator.
- No, I mean, I like her ass.
I'm talking about
the whole girl, man.
If you a man over the age of 12
and you asking another man
over the age of 12
if he's been in love,
then you in love.
I'm getting up. Don't follow me.
Good-bye.
(all chuckle)
(music playing)
(grunting)
Coffee?
Jupiter got picked up
for shoplifting, Missy.
- (sighs) Beckwith take care of it?
- This time.
But there will be a next time.
Hell, next time could be
very well happening right now.
Well, most professional athletes
- are spoiled, emotional degenerates.
- Not Cam.
The reason Cam isn't is you.
Your involvement in his life,
your counsel to him.
You, Reggie Vaughn, are the exception
to the pro athlete degenerate rule.
Jupiter is a rolling state
of emergency, Missy.
- He just needs more of you...
- No, Missy.
...to make sure
his tinderbox stays bare.
It may be beyond my power.
Now, now.
Buck up, son.
The phrase "putting out fires"
was not created in a vacuum.
It comes from good guys like you
rolling behind the states of emergency
with your fire truck.
Jupiter ain't no tinderbox.
He is a fuckin' inferno.
Like those flames that come out of
the smokestacks in New Jersey.
An inferno with an endless,
renewable supply
of kindling and gasoline
that makes the drive
from Manhattan to Newark Airport
smell like the colon
of the asshole of the Earth.
And it convinces you that God is dead
and that the devil is in charge.
Doughnut?
I should have never taken him on.
- You're making an impact.
- Mm-mm. It's the other way around.
He crash-landed on me,
and now I gotta fix it.
Excuse me.
(grunts)
- (music playing)
- ♪ Okay, okay ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yo... ♪
I heard you girls were so hot,
you need to be hosed down.
- (screaming)
- (laughing)
My eyes! It's in my eyes!
- Get that motherfucker!
- Oh, shit!
Go, go, go!
Get the-- oh, fuck!
- (cell phone vibrating)
- Missy: No, I don't.
- We haven't skinny-dipped.
- (chuckles)
Yo.
Yo, Reggie, I'm at the dean's office.
I was, um...
I was wondering if you could...
if you'd come talk to her with me.
- You make the honor roll?
- I did not.
- But can you come down?
- Text me the details.
(sighs)
All right.
Dean Sanborn,
that is a lovely color on your skin.
Don't let nobody
tell you no different.
(gunfire)
Beckwith says he spoke to the grocer.
Grocer's gonna say
it's a misunderstanding.
- It's going away.
- How much Beckwith pay the grocer?
Put it this way-- he ain't gotta
groce too hard from now on.
- Fuck.
- And I just left the dean's office
because he got in trouble again.
But I got it under control.
- You sure?
- Nope.
- Well, why you saying it?
- Because I promised you that I would.
And I have to and I will.
I just gotta...
gotta make sure
this guy's fuck-ups
don't blend your name
with the stupid shit he does.
My name can handle it.
My name's handled
plenty of bad press all year.
Don't worry about that.
It's the only thing
I'm worried about right now.
I mean, you know, honestly, dude,
I think I overstepped.
You know, I... I picked the wrong guy
for us to represent, man.
I-I drug you into a situation that--
that I shouldn't have.
- I mean... Fuck.
- Wait.
"Drug" is a word?
Like, a real word?
- Like, the past tense of "drag"?
- I'm not really sure...
M-Chuck was lighting me up about that,
saying that it wasn't.
If a person uses a word
and you get what the word meant,
- it's a word.
- Amen.
Look, anyway, I drug you
into a management business
reppin' a kid you should not
have your name associated with.
I have a part to play
in your life, Cam,
and with this shit,
I didn't play this part well.
I'm sorry.
(sighs)
I fucked up.
- I've never heard you say that.
- It's been a goal of mine.
(Cam chuckles)
Dude, our bond is strong.
The whole of what we do together
is greater than the sum of the parts.
This part, maybe not so good,
but it wasn't disastrous.
- Could've been.
- It coulda, woulda, shoulda.
Shouldn'ta.
Could still be.
Let's cut the bait on Jupiter,
send him back to Deshauwn.
- You serious?
- We'll regroup.
Do better with the next thing
that you fuck up.
- Come on.
- Hey, man, I had to.
But we're not giving up
on this management business.
Just our first client.
It was a good idea.
A great one.
Ooh.
My boy.
All right, it is your shot.
Don't fuck it up.
You know what? How 'bout
I fuck you up with this cue stick?
- (laughing)
- And I'ma use this end.
Fucker.
(music playing)
We need a big-ass bow.
- You got a purple one?
- We can look.
- At this price, you will find.
- Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Damn.
I mean, come on, man.
- You think we stole the money?
- No, sir.
Yeah, 'cause I can't believe
my nephew got all this money, either.
We didn't steal it.
We did it the right way.
- We sold drugs for it.
- All right, Unc, ease up on him.
- Yes, we sold drugs all the time.
- (laughing)
- And I know a cokehead when I see one.
- Oh, my...
- And you are one.
- No.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- No, no, no.
Listen, does this look
real familiar to you?
Bow...
- bow-bow-bow... bow.
- Cam: Unc!
Don't run the car
until you get the purple bow.
(music playing)
(Cam chuckling)
Keep your eyes closed.
- Okay.
- All right, I got you something.
- You couldn't give it to me inside?
- Uh, no.
- It wouldn't fit through the door.
- What? What is it?
Hang on, you'll see.
All right, open 'em.
Yeah, girl!
How 'bout it?
- You bought me a Jeep Cherokee?
- That is a Cadillac Escalade!
- You bought me a Cadillac Escalade?
- Yes!
- No more timing belt problems now.
- Wow! Oh, my God.
- Do you like it?
- How could I not?
- Do you love it?
- It's amazing.
Look, I know I can't
park it here, all right.
There's probably an ambulance
gonna come through here
with some guy who's got
like 90 seconds to live,
- so I'ma pull it right over here, okay?
- All right.
Well, I'll tell everyone that I'll be
a minute, and then I'll meet you.
- Okay.
Cam, this is very sweet.
And very tricked out.
It's fully-loaded.
Check out the interior.
Cam, this car is worth more
than I make in a year.
Yeah.
It's pretty dope, ain't it?
You don't need to spend
your money on me.
No, that's what the money is for-- to
make the people that I care about happy.
And... yeah, you don't look happy.
lam happy, and I'm so thankful.
And this is such a nice gift.
But I don't know how to say this
without sounding ungrateful...
but I can't accept this car.
Did you just say no to a car?
You said you needed a car, right?
Well, here it is,
bought and paid for.
You said it yourself,
you can't control everything.
- You cannot control what I buy you.
- Cam, it's very sweet.
Then get in the car
and you'll see how sweet it is.
Allison, okay,
I know it's a big statement.
And I-l hear you about
the-- the salary thing.
I'm not trying to big-time you here.
I'm just trying to make you
a part of the big-time.
Because it's fun, you know,
I can, and I like you.
Like, I really like you.
I like you, too.
Gifts come to people, and you gotta
accept that you're worthy of a gift.
You're not in charge of
how God answers prayers.
- I'm just answering a prayer.
- Oh, so you're a messenger from God?
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Hi, I'm Cam.
- Not to be confused with Gabriel.
- I can't.
Come on, dude!
What am I supposed to do with this?
I already drove it off the lot.
It's already depreciated.
- Isn't there a lemon law?
- For lemons.
This isn't a lemon.
It's very clearly not a lemon.
Cam, I know you don't understand,
- but I'm sorry.
- (sighs)
I'll tell you what I do understand.
That not completely understanding
is a part of the spell.
I can't believe
you turned down a car.
No one in America
has ever turned down a car.
Can I buy you a horse?
Let's save a horse
before it goes to the glue factory.
(Allison laughs)
We'll talk about it.
Cassie:
So she turned down a free car?
- M-Chuck: A free Escalade.
- That means she fuckin' someone else.
- No, I just blew this one.
- Wait. She's a she-male?
Not blown as in "blown,"
blown as ln "I messed up.
I misevaluated, misgauged.
It was a mistake.
- I'm telling you, this girl's different.
- By "different," you mean stupid?
No, just not comfortable
with big gifts.
Yeah, well, I am.
This here's mine.
How many trucks you need,
greedy-ass motherfucker?
Yeah, we're sharing this.
You know, I think I just
came on too strong.
Look, I told you, man,
love'll fuck you up.
A woman don't know what to do
with a man when he loves her full-on.
- Well, you didn't tell me that.
- I did... in between the lines.
M-Chuck: How you gonna know
what her reaction would be?
Most bitches would be humping you in
the back seat, hoping you knock 'em up.
- Well, she didn't.
- 'Cause she's humpin' somebody else.
Well, you did a nice thing, baby.
And you don't have to
feel bad about it.
I don't feel bad.
I just... you know, I like her.
Well, you don't have to say it
with a car, just say it.
Marry her
and the cars will come.
And trust me,
she will not be turning 'em down.
She'll be like, "Cameron,
when is the lease up on the Maybach?
It's far too long
and it barely fits in the garage."
- (Cam chuckles)
- Right?
Oh, there she is.
Don't tell her I said that.
(brakes squeak, engine rattling)
(door squeaks)
- Hi.
- Hey, Allison.
I wanna thank you
for turning down that car.
- I know, it seems ungrateful.
- Seems principled.
- You're a principled girl.
- Ma, she's driving a death trap.
- Mary Charles!
- It's the truth.
- Come on, everybody knows it.
- Do you have to say every fuckin' thing
- that comes to your lips?
- She says principled, I say stupid.
- Shut up!
' Guys! Guys!
I am sorry about them.
Being with me means
being with them sometimes.
(chuckles)
I can handle it.
But look, I thought about it,
and I understand
why you don't want the car as a gift,
you know, given how little time
we've known each other.
That was a little overeager on my part,
and I apologize.
I mean, I apologize for giving you
a world-class vehicle.
You don't have to apologize.
Yeah, but I want you to know
that, um, knowing you--
well, getting to know you has been the
best thing that's ever happened to me.
There it is.
Didn't you just become
a multimillionaire,
like, six months ago?
- Look at this place.
- I mean, I repeat that statement.
Money don't buy happiness.
Apparently, it can't even drive
the happiness to work.
I mean, the happiness
is the happiness.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I just like you for you,
and I want you to like me for me.
But that's all I'm gonna say.
I'ma shut up.
You are liked for you.
You wanna go get
something to eat?
I'm paying.
You can't not let me pay.
Sure, but can you follow me
to my mechanic's first?
He's gonna try to fix it
- by the morning.
- Okay.
Hey, you sure you don't want this car?
Just a ride to my mechanic's garage.
With all due respect,
take the car, bitch.
My nephew's rich!
Yeah, a car for a rich guy is like
a nice dinner for a normal guy.
All right, all,
we gonna get some barbecue.
First, we gotta drop off Allison's car.
Are you sure you don't wanna drive
the Escalade just once?
- No, I'll take my car.
- No, me and Uncle J will take your car.
- You drive the gift not taken.
- Okay.
Mm-mm-mm!
Don't you let her outta your sight.
- All right, Unc.
- Yeah.
Have you hit that yet?
(music playing)
Man:
Go for it! Go for it!
Man #2: Hey, don't let him
put that move on you!
(overlapping chatter)
- There we go.
- Deshauwn?
Hey, stand down,
background dancers.
- Fuck you doin'?
- Hands up, N-word!
- Did you just say, "Hands up, N-word"?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, I did.
- Why?
I mean, not-not the "hands up" part,
but the "N-word" thing.
Man, I'm tryin' to improve my language.
N-word's a divisive word.
- Read yourself some Ta-Nehisi Coates.
- Right on.
N-word, the fuck you doin'?!
- It just don't feel the same.
- Oh-oh, you strapped, motherfucker?
No, no, no, no, no.
It's a contract.
A contract between me and Jupiter.
lam ripping it up.
- Keep the gun on him, Cho Cho.
- Yeah.
- Okay, Cho-- is it Cho Cho?
- Cho Cho, that's right.
Okay, please, Cho Cho,
lower your weapon.
I come with respect
and apology in hand.
I don't see no apology.
- What, you write it down?
- No, but I ain't strapped.
How we know
you ain't got no snipers?
I'm a one-man operation, okay?
Deshauwn, I am out of
the Jupiter game.
I fucked up, never should've
came between two old friends.
You deserve every percentage
of everything.
I offer you my deepest apologies
and my sincerest regrets.
Your client, once again your client.
- And with, uh...
- Cho Cho.
...Cho Cho's blessing,
I go in peace.
If there's ever anything I can do for
you in the future, just let me know.
Well, we can settle for a simple
"You're better than me, Deshauwn."
If you can't decipher that
that's essentially what I'm saying,
- you ain't better than me.
- Do me a favor.
- Lose my number.
- Never had your number, Deshauwn.
- Well, don't try to get it later!
- Respect.
Gentlemen.
(music playing)
- Want me to pop him one?
- Yeah, put one in the air.
- Oh!
- I said air, not ear!
N-word!
(cell phone buzzing)
- This is Reggie.
- Hey, Reggie, it's Tom Werner.
- Hey, Tom.
- Listen, I really liked the way
you handled yourself
during that card game.
- Thanks, Tom.
- Fenway Sports Group
is thinking about
buying a hockey team.
- What do you know about hockey?
- Nothing.
That's perfect.
When we bought Liverpool, most people
thought I didn't know much about soccer.
Some people think I still don't.
Listen, I'm coming down
to Atlanta next week.
I think we should have lunch
and we can talk about
- getting into business together.
- Sure thing, Tom.
- Let me know.
- All right, see ya, Reggie.
(music playing)
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Oh, la, la, oh, la, la ♪
♪ While they laugh
and shake their head ♪
♪ Still we comin' in, now the people
know where we go, go, go ♪
- ♪ Grab your ankles, nigga ♪
- ♪ Go, go, go ♪
♪ While they laugh
and shake their heads... ♪
Hey, Allison, you see your Romeo Cam
on the cover of "Slam"?
- (chuckles)
- You know, I was gonna name him
- Romeo, and now he is one.
- Well, he is handsome.
He takes a good picture.
Well, you look like you take
a good picture.
- You're hot.
- Cam: Chuck! Don't even.
What, a girl can't
tell the truth anymore?
Look, she's my kinda hot.
She's not your kinda hot.
What does that mean,
"your kinda hot, not my kinda hot"?
- It means she's my girl.
- But she's universally hot.
Okay, and you should
universally shut the fuck up.
- (laughing)
- Damn.
(music playing)
♪ I keep the chip off
in my cell phone ♪
♪ Pocket full of stones,
smokin' on the strong ♪
♪ Freddie Kane,
Freddie Corleone ♪
♪ Marshalltown niggas
send a nigga runnin' home... ♪
- Uncle J!
- That shit hurts.
- Julius... Julius...
- Hello?
- There's been an accident...
- There's my sis right there.
Mm-hmm.
Who that tasty bitch?
That's Allison, Unc.
You met her.
She gonna take the Cadillac now.
Julius, listen.
Listen to me, baby.
Hold my hand, okay?
Hold my... hold my hand.
I did a lot of stupid shit in my life.
Hang in there, man.
Help is coming.
- No, it ain't.
- It's coming, baby.
I wish I believed in God.
(Cassie sobbing)
No...
♪ Do you wanna,
do you wanna be ♪
♪ Happy? ♪
♪ Do you wanna be ♪
♪ Do you wanna,
do you wanna be ♪
♪ Happy? ♪
♪ I said, do you wanna,
do you wanna be ♪
♪ Free? ♪
♪ Free from pain,
free from scars ♪
♪ Free to sing,
free from bars ♪
♪ Free, my dogs,
you're free to go ♪
♪ Block is hot,
the streets is cold ♪
♪ Free to love,
to each his own ♪
♪ Free from bills,
free from pills ♪
♪ You roll it loud,
the speakers blow ♪
♪ Life get hard,
you ease your soul ♪
♪ It cleanse your mind,
learn to fly ♪
♪ Then reach the stars,
you take the time ♪
♪ To look behind to say
"Look where I came" ♪
♪ "Look how far I done came" ♪
♪ You say that dreams come true
and when they do ♪
♪ That there's a beautiful thing ♪
♪ Do you wanna,
do you wanna be ♪
♪ Happy? ♪
♪ I said, do you wanna,
do you wanna be ♪
♪ Free? ♪
♪ I said, do you wanna,
do you wanna be ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org